When it rains, I'm going to go out and see if it's okay.
When it rains, I go up and go out.
The weather's not perfect, so I'll try to stay out there.
When it rains, I go to work.
The weather is good.
When I grow up, I want to be a part of that world.
When I grow up, I want to be a good teacher.
During summer, I like to get up early and have a beer.
I like to have a good time with my friends.
When it rains, I will go to the beach.
The weather is getting hotter, so we're starting to get some heat.
The weather was good, but the weather was not bad.
In the morning, I usually go for a walk.
In the morning, I usually have to go to the bathroom to pee.
My favorite food is the ones that make you feel good.
Where can I buy a beer at a beer shop?
My mum is very much involved with her family.
My favorite food is the pork butt.
My favorite color is the black.
I feel happy when I see it again.
My mum is very proud, she's very proud.
On weekends, I enjoy the occasional meal or two of a meal of a meal.
My favorite color is the blue sky.
My favorite food is the one in the fridge.
My favorite food is the spicy chicken.
Where can I get my own coffee?
On weekends, I enjoy the sun, the sun, and the sound of my voice.
My favorite color is the red.
In the morning, I usually have a few minutes to think.
My favorite color is white and black.
In the morning, I usually don't bother to check in.
My favorite food is a lot of things.
Where can I start my own business?
My favorite color is the white-and-gray.
In the morning, I usually get up to go to bed at 6:30 AM, and then.
Where can I find a place to go?
A dog has been found with his head stuck in a hole in a tree.
A dog has a special place in my heart.
I feel happy when the people around me can see that we can do it.
Where can I get it?
I feel happy when I do it.
Where can I get a job?
Where can I start?
My favorite color is blue.
My favorite color is the red one.
My favorite food is from the South Pacific.
On weekends, I enjoy playing on my own.
I feel happy when I do.
In the morning, I usually go to bed early.
My favorite food is usually the meatballs.
My favorite food is the chicken, the chicken is very good.
My favorite color is the red.
Where can I get the new version of this game?
Where can I buy my tickets?
I feel happy when I am able to take care of myself.
Where can I use this calculator?
I feel happy when I'm on top of my game.
I feel happy when I get to work.
A dog has been found guilty of a manslaughter charge.
On weekends, I enjoy a nice, sunny day out in the countryside.
During summer, I like to spend time with the kids.
Today I saw a photo of the same man dressed as a woman.
A dog has been found alive, a dog has been found dead.
I feel happy when I'm in a place where I'm able to be myself.
When I grow up, I want to be an astronaut.
Today I saw a little kid in the corner, that was my daughter.
My favorite food is the red chili.
Today I saw the film.
When I grow up, I want to be able to go back to the old times.
Today I saw a lot of things on the internet.
A dog has its own personality.
My favorite food is my own.
Today I saw a couple of pictures of my wife and daughter.
My best friend is a real girl who is a very talented musician.
Today I saw the pictures of this guy in the last couple of weeks.
When I grow up, I want to be a teacher.
Today I saw it at least once.
Today I saw him in action.
When I grow up, I want to be a writer.
Today I saw this coming and was really impressed.
My best friend is in college, so we've met up there.
My favorite food is probably the pâté.
I feel happy when I'm in the mood, but it's my first time here, so I.
My best friend is a doctor.
My favorite food is the red-hot, crunchy and spicy chili.
My best friend is here, and you need to keep her safe.
A dog has a long history of causing death for people and dogs.
When I grow up, I want to be an actor.
Today I saw this movie and I was like 'Wow.
When I grow up, I want to be good.
My favorite food is always the sweet, sour and nutty.
A dog has a good head, but I'd rather not.
I feel happy when I get home.
I feel happy when a lot of things are happening.
I feel happy when people are doing better than I did.
A dog has been named after the man who saved it from drowning.
Today I saw that they were not the best players I've ever seen.
